Draft/opl poster (#6)
RoboCupAtHomeJP/AtHome2024: rules/OPL/ps_en.md

<sub>[Go back to README](../../README_en.md)</sub>

[日本語](./ps_ja.md) | [English](./gpsen.md)

# Poster Session

The poster session is held on a setup day. Each team will present their research activities in the poster session. The poster is evaluated by other presenters.

1. Presentation: 3 min

> 2. Evaluation: The presenter evaluates the other team's poster presentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Evaluation: The poster presentation is evaluated by other teams' participants (1 per team). However, it is not allowed to evaluate your own team's presentation.
```

3. Criterion
   1. Novelty
   2. Scientific contribution
   3. Relevance to RoboCup@Home
   4. Presentation (Quality of poster and talk)
4. Poster format: A0 portrait, each team should bring a printed poster.

> 5. Language: English should be used in a poster, talk and discussion can be both in English and Japanese.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Language: The poster needs to be written in English. However, the presentation and discussion can be held in either English or Japanese.
```

> The free discussion will be held after the evaluation. Every team is advised to join the poster session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free discussion will be held after the evaluation. Every team is suggested to join the poster session.
```

The start time and the place to have a poster session will be announced by the setup day.

## Score Sheet

|Criteria|Max Score|
|---|-------|
| Novelty | 5 |
| Scientific contribution | 5 |
| Relevance to RoboCup@Home | 5 |
| Presentation (Qualify of poster and talk) | 5 |
| **Sum** | **20** |

The normalized score of the summary of each evaluator will be affected to the scoresheet.

1: poor

> 5: excellent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Evaluation
The normalized score of the summary of each evaluator will be affected to the score sheet.

| Score | Rating |
|---|---|
| 1 | Poor |
| 2 | Fair |
| 3 | Good |
| 4 | Very Good |
| 5 | Excellent |

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Splitting the score is not permitted.
```
